h1. ToDo with Coffeescript and Backbone

This is a literal translation from javascript into CoffeeScript of Jérôme Gravel-Niquet's One Page App, Todo List.

All of the files, including the generated javascript are here and should run directly from within your filesystem (i.e. no need to put it onto a web server instance).

h2. *SKILZ*

* Intermetiate+ javascript
* Basic CoffeeScript: see "CoffeeScript":http://jashkenas.github.com/coffee-script/
* Get Acquainted with Bacbone and Underscore: see "Backbone":http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/ and "Underscore":http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/
* Javascript debugging: I recommend the Chrome javascript console - you can pick through the DOM, watch network traffic, and enter break points in the code.

h2. *Application Files:*
* todos.coffee : my translation - FWIW, its a lot cleaner and easier to read the the JS version
* todos.js : the generated javascript
* todos.orig.js : the original source that I translated from
* index.html : I've only modified the paths to resources and included those resources in the current directory
* todo.css : no change from Jérôme's
* destroy.png : no change

h2. *JS Libraries (for convenience):*
* backbone.js : what we're here for
* backbone-localstorage.js : let's a client-side browser storage utility
* underscore-1.1.6.js : needed by backbone.js
* json2.js : JSON utility
* jquery-1.5.js : this the version used by the original, I thought it best to include it

That's it - The exercise of building it was really helpful to me in learning a lot of the gotcha's around
writing coffeescript code, learning backbone.js basics and learning how succinct and readable coffeescript
be.

I'd recommend that you use this more as a cheat sheet. You'll learn a lot more if you go to the original App
and try to do the translation yourself. I hope this will save you a ton of time.
